# EncryptWord
C++ Code from a school project. During Fall quarter of 2017, I took an object-oriented programming class which gave a series of assignments that iterated on the same project idea. There are branches for the 4 different iterations we turned in throughout the quarter, the code contained in this Master branch matches the code from the final iteration (iteration number 4). 
The Program works by having the user enter a length of a word to be encrypted. The program has a large collection of words from the English language sorted by length, and it randomly chooses one of the words from this collection that has the specified length. The program then encrypts this word in a random way from the 3 available encryption classes. One encryption that could occur is that letters are switched around in the word. Another encryption is that a substring contained within the word is repeate randomly somewhere inside the word. The final encryption that could occur is that one or more letters are removed at random from the word (except if I remember correctly the first and last letter of a word will never be removed, otherwise the guessing would be much to dificult). Once the word is selected and encrypted, it is presented to the user in encrypted form and the user has 3 guesses to try to guess what the word that was encrypted is. The program will track the users guesses, and will keep providing words until the user desires to quit. Upon being told to quit, the program will present the user with their guess statistics and present a fairwell message. 

Check out the other branches to see versions of this project before it reached it's final version. 

While writing this assignment, we were supposed to be practicing design by contract, so each file and function has a plethora of documentation and comments associated with it.
